# SNHU-SDLC
1.) How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  The software development lifecycle has certainly been an interesting topic to learn over this past term. I have certainly grown to appreciate how agile methods can translate to better product outcomes. It has taught me that in order to produce effective code I have to be adaptable, creative, and transparent. The customer's needs are paramount and I need to work with the product owner to ensure these needs are fullfilled. The "user stories" help in providing concise and clear direction to what needs to be accomplished. This clarity helps minimize any types of delays and helps keep myself on track for the product. 
  
2.) How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  As I am still in the beginning stages of my programming experience, I try to plan my project out as much as possible beforehand and really try to gauge the overall "Definition of Done" and how to get there. What exactly am I trying to achieve? Going forward, I really grew to understand the helpfulness of cocurrent test cases, so I will build this into my programming practices. Another agile process I would like to implement is a Kanban. It may be silly by myself as I move forward with my college projects, but it could be helpful for myself to understand my velocity and get a clearer idea of what I need to do.
  
3.) What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  A good team member in software development is committed to the customer and their coworkers. Good communication, enthusiasm, and motivation drives a good team. It is important for myself to implement these values so I provide the best I can. I need a commitment to learn, adapt, teach, and mentor as I grow in this industry. 
